Hey what is it guys I want to now and this video of you will be designing this whole website.
OK so let's get started.
First of all what we have to do is that we need to go to dashboard right now and then we have to work
with it.
So if we go read the pages and then all pages then we need to set our home page to be our home page.
We have these pages right here.
I'm just going to trash this one and this one just because we don't need them.
So I'm just going to trash it.
OK.
Now the first page that I want to be shown can be like a register page or something.
If I just go to register.
OK so I can not view this page since I am already in here.
OK.
Since I am already registered that is why I cannot view the register page but this is how the register
page will be looking.
OK.
This is how the page will be looking.
We have the contently outside bar margins and everything we can manage OK.
So what we have to do is that we need to make our activity which is the Facebook style based activity
our home page.
So this is how our home page will be so that if anyone wants to come here he can just join us and this
is the basically the home page for Facebook for Twitter and for any website.
So I think we should be moving up in the activity and making up this our home page.
So I'm just going to go to the settings right now and then I'm going to go to Reading and then I want
to basically choose the static page and then it would be the activity.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to save changes right now and you can see the changes would
be saved.
So now let's have a look at her side.
And if I just go to the home page you can see this is how the activity is looking and everything is
looking like this.
I can just rename the page.
OK.
I'm going to rename this as feed or the home.
And now I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit a date right now so on clicking the update you vild
see this will be the title.
That would say the home page.
So here you can see how it is looking.
Everything looks pretty cool.
Awesome and amazing.
OK and now we have the sidebar right here.
So we also want to design a sidebar but first let's just customize or say let's just integrate the menu
and then move on.
So first of all we have to integrate the menu because that is really very important.
I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to create two menus right now.
OK so I'm just going to name it as many are.
OK.
One and that should be right here.
And you can see this is right here.
I am just going to come here and I'm going to select the body press the forms and the format.
And what is the format.
No format.
OK.
I can see him anyway.
Con settings and everything is going great here.
Cool.
OK.
So you can see that we can add them.
So first of all I want to add the home page which is this in the home page basically is going to show
the activity that we have on our site.
OK.
And then we have somebody press logged in.
Links are related to the current users OK and logged out.
Legs are not visible to the users who are logged in.
So if anyone is logged in then log in and register will not be a parable.
OK and if anyone is not log in if anyone is logged then basically OK then this will appear.
So basically I want to just add this activity but this is already here so I don't want to add it.
OK.
You know what we can do is that you can design a custom home page and that will be like registered to
our site or something like that.
And this is our social networking and you can meet a custom homepage like Facebook where people can
register and do some stuff.
So if you want to do that you can also do that.
But I just want my homepage to be the activity.
So if you want to do that how you can do that.
So you guys already know that how can you create a home page a custom home page for your buddy press.
OK.
And then you can just created the Elementary and then in that you can add that like sign up to a Web
site to get into that or just in the home page you can just introduce yourself.
So like if I am creating a website for a school ok that I want to use the school right here.
OK.
So this is basically the whole school based Web site there is about section every section.
But if someone logs and he's a student then he can see this stuff so you can just add it if you want
to.
OK I think I want to show you because I'm.
I just want to show you OK.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to add new right now.
OK.
And then I'm going to add the home page.
OK so this will be my home page right now.
Now here I want to just come here to the Condon's play out.
And then the Condon's lay out I want to select a hundred percent full.
Disable the title title should be disable as well.
So I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now and I'm going to make my desk page
as the home page I'm going to go to reading right now.
And I want to select that home as my home page.
OK.
And that that the activity activity will be the home as well.
OK so I will rename that activity as the activity.
OK.
So this is the home that we changed that.
I'm just going to come here to the home and I'm going to rename it as activity OK.
Activity go I'm going to enter Oh sorry I have to just debate it so you can see this is being updated
right now.
And read here and let's just open this page up and let's see how is looking so this is looking pretty
cool.
OK.
What we have to do is that we need to go to or say OK and then we have to design our home page so let's
suppose that I am running a school and this is a school and then we have the forum for mass inside that.
So I'm just gonna click Edit elements are OK.
And you can see the edit to the mentor is right here instead of creating this whole page and going to
use a template.
Obviously a guy is going to use a template to just I just wanted to show you how we can you design and
I'm just going to click add template and you can see that a template will be here.
So I am just going to be using
this template.
OK.
I'm just going to use this template and this is being uploaded.
So once this is uploaded it will be here and then we have to work with the menu.
So you can see this is right here.
So this is right here.
Design your Wordpress how to make a web site start your free trial.
So since Let's suppose that this is our school a school based Web site OK.
And this right here this is everything is here.
And so here we would be showing a log in and register option as well just for if someone is a student.
OK.
And he wants to register to us to just interact with other students then we want to add that functionality
so this will be our home base.
Basically I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to say right now.
OK.
And you can see this my home page is totally saved.
Now here I am going to just come here to Main you and I'm going to save it.
So just sitting safe you can see it is right here.
Let's see which is this.
This is the navigation page and the original is activity.
I'm just going to remove it.
I need the homepage basically.
OK.
I want to just add it so the home page will be there.
And let's just select it to be mean and let's select menu.
So now I'm just coming here and just being a web site you're going to see how my website looks OK.
So the template is right here.
OK.
This is right here.
So let's suppose that I am running a coaching trial or something like that.
And this is my coaching team and everything.
And if students wanted to basically log in then I want to show register and log in.
So this will be only visible for students and those.
So I'm going to log in and register and I'm going to add too many CDs are now added to the menu.
And now if I just said save money.
OK.
And then I come here and I just refresh this on refreshing this you will see I won't be able to see
that.
The reason is that I'm already logged in.
OK so this will not be appearing for the logged in users but if someone is logged in someone is logged
into our website then we want to show him activity.
We want to show him profile I want to show him the messages the friends Krups groups and forums and
that's all OK.
We don't want to show him anything else.
And now let's save settings and he can see I have to just add that to the menu.
I forget that.
I'm sorry guys I'm not going to come here.
I'm going to get activity profile.
Messages of friends groups verb's forums.
That's all I'm going to add too many.
And you can see these will be read here.
I'm just going to bring them here.
The registering they're registering should be done.
Hello.
So the profile groups should be built before it and the forums should be coming here.
So you can just change your forum navigation label to like support or something like that or test or
help or something like that so you can just name it anything like if you if you if you are building
a company then you can just create your forms and then you can name it as support.
And people can just interact with each other like if you are a big company you want everyone to be tracked.
You can see that I'm logged in and this is how it is looking I have activity forums groups and profiles
so if I just get a profile you're going to see this is my profile like this.
OK.
And if I go to Krups you are going to see I'm hearing the crops and here I mean this group.
So I can also just remove it if I do one because I also have the menu right here.
Militated because it adds the core to your website and it looks good so.
And the forum I have the forums topic started and the activity and activity I have the activity that
we have.
So this is the activity of myself so you can see how this is looking.
So now you can see that everything is totally done here.
OK what I have to do right now is that I need to design the Tabari now and then we're going to move
forward.
So let's come here.
And we also have the forums right here in the forums.
You can just add the forums that you have created so you can have the all forums right here.
So in all forms Howard Howard will look if that if I just add it.
OK.
And then I just bring it trate below right above here and I just remove it so because I don't want to
add the buddy press for him I just want to add the beamy press for him.
So in this show all the forums instead of this if I just go to forums right now you can see it it's
taking me two members and deals slash forms.
OK.
And then I just save it and now just then I just refresh it.
And then I just refresh it and open this up in the new year you will see how the forums looks at it
is taking me to like forums and then it just taking me here.
And then it is showing me all the forums that we have in all our reps to just bring this all forums
into that tall bar right here.
And then you can design it.
OK.
So this is what's going to work.
What I'm going to do right now one more thing and that is let me show you how the website is going to
look for and non-registered users.
So if he just comes here to a website and then you can see that it's it's going to be shown like register
and log and log in and register.
And that is that thing is not true.
So if he just go to the register page and you can register to have him say OK.
And if he just goes to the log in page and he can log himself into a room say so this is I was going
to look OK and if he just logs and then a tall bar will appear.
Otherwise the top bar will not appear.
So you can see we're done still here.
Now what we have to do is that Vieni to design this whole site so I'm going to go to customize right
now and I'm going to design this so let's get started.
So first thing we have to do is that we need to change the colors a bit.
And then we're going to make it look much better because the white is not looking so cool.
So we can design it like a Facebook style VIF you can choose the Facebook color exact same or we can
choose any different.
So all it takes.
The first thing that we have here
is going to be the general option.
So we have general styling we have primary color water color and everything right here.
So you can change it if you want to you can change your primary color and your background color and
everything and you have general settings so we can also make it like Bhag sleigh out if we wanted to.
And this will be like totally bogs.
So let's see how does this look so you can see how it is looking.
OK our social networking website is totally Bogstad.
OK.
So I'm just going to use the vide one because Boggs is now not used many.
So because Marg's was used before the days before the olden days older days OK.
So the source is going to be on page types.
I'm going to go back where I have the page title right now.
OK.
This is basically the page title if I just go to activity and then you can see that this is the page
titled.
So I'm just going to design this so or you can just to read the style it should be centered or it should
be in a background made so if you need a background image you can just move on to the background image
OK.
You have to select any image and this will be the title.
So this is also it looks good.
I am just going to go fed the dissenters so I just go to style and let's just go to Center.
So on Centuri Let's see how does it look so this is it is looking.
It looks pretty cool.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to change the background colors some background colors.
Kind of be like
let's go.
Let's just follow the team.
OK.
So my next caller is going to be white.
So this is how it's looking.
OK.
You have the whole title right here.
The position is going to be under the title.
So this is the bread crumbs.
This is called a bread crumb so I don't think so if you want to add the breadcrumbs bread crumbs doesn't
look good.
So I'm just going to remove the product from there should be only the title.
The title looks straight amazing.
OK.
If you want the bread crumbs you can obviously totally depends upon you.
The breadcrumbs will help your users to like go into the back page that very they want to go.
But I don't want that.
I just don't want this.
It's just this just doesn't look good.
It looks ugly.
I'm going to go back and you can see that we have this crawl to top so shredded up should be here no
problem.
We have the page nation and then we have their farms team buttons in for year for error page.
OK.
Now we have the topography the top bar.
We have to work with the top bar right now.
I'm just going to come here to the general and I'm going to disable it right now.
So yes OK let's just disable the top where we.
We don't want it right here.
OK.
This is cool.
And just going to go back right now.
I'm going to go back.
And now here to go to the general tab of the header.
So this is the header right now.
OK.
The header that I need is going to be the top menu
the top menu top in you looks kind of cool.
And I think the medium
medium kind of looks cool as well.
I just go with the word tickle the word should be like here or here.
It should be here yes I think yes.
And I want to work to go see the.
How does the center look so let's let's just have a look at the center and let's just decide which we
should go.
No no no no no Sandra doesn't look it.
I'm just going to stick with the minimal minimal.
I think it looks pretty cool.
OK.
We have the heterophylla So if you need to get a full width meaning to head or border bottom.
No we don't want.
OK we have the background colors show my background color should be like a block like he.
OK.
And the bottom next color is a text tickler.
There's no next color.
OK.
I need to go back.
I need to go to the head of media.
So not in the head of media I need to go to the logo.
And then here I need to change the logo colors so let's just upload a logo.
I'm just going to float a logo.
I'm just in the select files.
And then I need a PND image OK very Do I have to find it.
OK this is the one I was going uploaded right now.
And OK we should be having some problem because we have the black heroes.
It will not be a pitbull.
OK.
This is right here.
I'm just going to make it look like this so it should be like this logo only.
OK.
I want to make it smaller smaller and smaller so I just need to show the red color.
OK that's all I'm going to crop image.
And this should be coming right here.
OK.
I just see.
I want to change it.
Bit of this a bit.
So it should be right here.
And the maximum height should be here as well.
So you can see how this is looking OK.
I want to go back.
I want to go to Menuet here and I want to change this so we have this the selected template.
We have the position so we can bring it to the right as well to the left as well.
But I wanted to be right so I need styling to be like lint colors and colors going to be white and you
can see that our side is kind of like gaining everything and I see it looks pretty better than the previous
say.
OK so you can see this how amazing it looks.
OK.
We have the link color.
We have the whole world in color as well.
Have the current menu item as well so everything looks Skylink cool.
Ok I'm just gonna go ahead and I'm going to hit publish right now.
OK so I didn't think so if you need to work with any of them right now you guys already know about it.
So I just don't want to do it.
OK.
I want to go to the footer for visits and I want to disable it so I just want to add it.
So but if but if you look at the Facebook you can see that Facebook has some links in the photo down
below.
OK let me show it to you.
I just remember that they have
no they don't have it.
They don't have it.
So I'm just going to just remove it.
So you don't want it.
OK.
This is out this copyright is.
You can also remove the copyright if you want to.
OK.
I'm just going to remove
this one.
OK.
And I'm just going to go ahead and I'm going to hit this and I'm going to have to publish so you can
see everything is totally up and running.
I don't want to change the lenge colors so text color is going to be white.
So this should be visible.
We're going to go ahead and I'm going to hit publish and let's go back and we have everything set up
so let's have a look at her site so I'm just going to click this and let's see how she goes looking
so this is our Web site is looking OK.
We have a home page so this is telling everything about our school everything about school working hours.
We are here in copyright 2017 and everything OK.
And if anyone is not registered then how to going to look.
Let me show you.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to just say.
So this state is looking the homepage just totally coming you can just create a homepage like Register
do a social networking website and if someone clicks her he'll be redirected to this register page ok
like this it says create account account details and this and everything.
So you can see now because of this editing our website will look amazing and it just grew all forms
right here.
And you can see how creepy it is looking.
It just go to students right now.
You can see and just open up the English.
OK.
And then I open up.
I need to sell them or she can see the title is coming like this.
And how great does it look.
OK.
So everybody has this right now and our social web site looks so cool so amazing so great.
And this is all done with wordpress.
OK.
So now we're totally done with the Web site OKB have designed everything in the next video.
I'll show you how can you basically I'm a my my mom just regular sidebar.
OK so stadium guys is an.